Devdocs 2031 Adds IA changes to current customer API (#600)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/customers/current-customer-api.md

<!-- theme: info  -->
### Note
> * An app client ID is required in requests to `/customer/current.jwt`.
> * To generate an app client ID, create an app in the [BigCommerce Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/).
> * Use the app's secret to validate the signature on the JWT.
> * The app doesn't need to be installed or published on a store to use the client ID to get the JWT

</div>
</div>
</div>

## Example JavaScript

> Below is example JavaScript that will access this JWT. To test the JWT functionality, you can install this JavaScript on your sandbox BigCommerce store. Your application’s client ID must be included in the request (to identify the requesting application):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is example JavaScript that will access this JWT. To test the JWT functionality, you can install this JavaScript on your sandbox BigCommerce store. You must include your application’s client ID in the request to identify the requesting application.

```

customerJWT();
</script>
```

> The above JavaScript should alert to the browser with a JWT token if you are logged into the storefront with a customer account. If no customer is logged in, BigCommerce will return a `404` response, and you will see an error message. The JWT returned from this endpoint (example below) can be decoded on JWT.IO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above JavaScript should alert to the browser with a JWT token if you are logged into the storefront with a customer account. If no customer is logged in, BigCommerce will return a `404` response, and you will see an error message. The JWT returned from this endpoint (example below) can be decoded on [JWT.IO](https://jwt.io/).

```
